.TH WAZZUF-RIPPER.CONF 4 "September 16, 2012"
.SH NAME
wazzuf-ripper.conf \- Wazzuf Ripper configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I wazzuf-ripper.conf
has to be in 
.I ~/wazzuf-ripper/
directory.
.PP
Theses are his configuration options :
.PP
.B Medium informations
.TP
.B SOURCE
Media support type: DVD, ISO or BD
.TP
.B SOURCE_DIRECTORY
Directory for source files like m2ts/ts, iso, external subtitles, cover image, episodes list,...
.br
Example: "/home/user/video-source-directory"
.TP
.B M2TS_FILE
BD source filename available in SOURCE_DIRECTORY. Could be m2ts or HDts file.
.br
Example: "00000.m2ts"
.TP
.B ISO_FILE
DVD ISO source filename available in SOURCE_DIRECTORY.
.br
Example: "image.iso"
.PP
.BR Tagging
.TP
.B VIDEO_TYPE
Video Type: MOVIE, SHOW or MUSIC. Affects tags management.
.br
SHOW is for DVD/ISO SOURCE only: allow multiple Matroska output files.
.TP
.B TITLE_NAME
The video main title. Used for IMdb ID search by imdb-cli.
.br
Example: "My Movie"
.TP
.B TAG_TITLE_NAME
The main title with no space nor special characters. It sets the working directory and the output files base-name.
.br
Example: "My.Movie"
.TP
.B DATE
The video release date. Used for IMdb ID search by imdb-cli.
.br
Example: "1970"
.TP
.B IMDB_ID
IMdb ID from http://www.imdb.com .
.br
Example: "tt0071853"
.br
Require imdb-cli download/install. See
.BR wazzuf-external-tools-install (1)
.
.TP
.B TAG_AUDIO
Global audio/subtitle tag, usually language.
.br
Examples: ENGLISH, FRENCH, MULTI, VOST, subforced, ...
.TP
.B TAG_RIP
Global rip tag.
.br
Examples: BDRIP, DVDRIP, DVDDUMP, 1080p, 720p, ...
.TP
.B TAG_SIGNATURE
Signature Tag.
.TP
.B COMMENT
Comment added to video.
.br
Example: "Created with Wazzuf Ripper"
.TP
.B COVER
Optional image attachment filename in SOURCE_DIRECTORY. Supported input MIME types are jpeg and png only.
.br
Could be downloaded with imdb-cli via 
.BR wazzuf-pre-ripper (1)
.
.br
Example: "cover.jpg"
.TP
.B DIRECTOR_NAME
The movie Director Name. For MOVIE VIDEO_TYPE only.
.br
Useless with use of IMDB_ID.
.TP
.B SEASON_NUMBER
The season number. For SHOW VIDEO_TYPE only.
.br
Example: "02"
.TP
.B EPISODES_FILE
The optional episodes names list filename in SOURCE_DIRECTORY. For SHOW VIDEO_TYPE only.
.br
The text file syntax has to be ordered lines like "05 - The haunted episode". The line numbers corresponds to DVD/ISO CHAPTERS or TITLES (depends on DVD_EPISODES_ORG).
.TP
.B EPISODES_TOTAL_NUMBER
(Optional) total episodes count in the season. For SHOW VIDEO_TYPE only.
.TP
.B ARTIST_NAME
The artist name. For MUSIC VIDEO_TYPE only.
.PP
.BR DVD/ISO
.BR organization
.TP
.B DVD_TITLE_NUMBER
The DVD title number to rip (integer). Useless with SHOW VIDEO_TYPE and DVD_EPISODES_ORG is TITLES.
.br
Could be found with help of
.BR wazzuf-pre-ripper (1)
or manually with 'mplayer dvd://DVD_TITLE_NUMBER' for physical DVD or 'mplayer -nocache dvdnav://'.
.TP
.B MULTICHAP_FORCE
Set to "yes" to force multiple DVD/ISO chapters to the same output video. Useless with SHOW VIDEO_TYPE and DVD_EPISODES_ORG is CHAPTERS.
.TP
.B MULTICHAP_FIRST
The first chapter number to rip (integer). Mandatory if MULTICHAP_FORCE.
.TP
.B MULTICHAP_LAST
The last chapter number to rip (integer). Mandatory if MULTICHAP_FORCE.
.TP
.B DVD_EPISODES_ORG
The DVD organization type. For SHOW VIDEO_TYPE only. Episodes are classified on DVD CHAPTERS ("CHAPTERS") *or* on DVD TITLES ("TITLES").
.TP
.B DVD_CHAPTER_FIRST
The first chapter number to rip (integer). Mandatory if DVD_EPISODES_ORG is CHAPTERS.
.TP
.B DVD_CHAPTER_LAST
The last chapter number to rip (integer). Mandatory if DVD_EPISODES_ORG is CHAPTERS.
.TP
.B DVD_TITLE_LIST
The DVD Titles numbers list with space separation. Mandatory if DVD_EPISODES_ORG is TITLES.
.br
Example: "2 3 5 6"
.PP
.BR Tracks
.BR options
.TP
.B VIDEO_CROP
The video cropping used to eliminate unwanted areas of the video track.
.br
Could be found with help of
.BR wazzuf-pre-ripper (1)
or manually with 'mplayer dvd://DVD_TITLE_NUMBER -vf cropdetect' or 'mplayer -dvd-device dvd.iso dvd://DVD_TITLE_NUMBER -vf cropdetect'
.br
Example: "720:480:0:0"
.TP
.B VIDEO_NOSKIP_FORCE
Set to "yes" to force frames skipping. For example if you got lots of duplicate frame(s), input fps field not specified,...
.TP
.B VIDEO_RATIO_FORCE
Force scaling / movie aspect for final merge. Could be "4/3"|"1.33", "16/9"|"1.78", "2.21" or "2.35".
.TP
.B AUDIO_1_LANG
Audio track language code. List all codes with 'mkvmerge --list-languages'. Idem for AUDIO_2_LANG.
.br
Example: "en"
.TP
.B AUDIO_1_AID
Audio track id: 128,129,...(AC3) or 137,...(DTS) or 160 to 191 (PCM) for DVD. 4352,4353,... for BD. 20,... 1985,... for TS. Idem for AUDIO_2_AID.
.br
Could be tested with 'mplayer file.iso -aid AUDIO_1_AID'.
.TP
.B AUDIO_1_SOURCE
Audio track source type: "AC3", "DTS" or "PCM". Idem for AUDIO_2_SOURCE.
.TP
.B AUDIO_1_NAME
Audio track name. No spaces allowed. Idem for AUDIO_2_NAME.
.br
Examples: "5.1", "Stereo", "Mono", "Commentary",...
.TP
.B AUDIO_1_SYNC
Force audio track synchronization. Idem for AUDIO_2_SYNC.
.br
Example with -1s (-1000 ms): "-1000"
.br
Example with +3s (+3000 ms): "+3000"
.TP
.B SUBTITLE_1_LANG
Subtitle track language code. List all codes with 'mkvmerge --list-languages'. Idem for SUBTITLE_2_LANG.
.br
Example: "en"
.TP
.B SUBTITLE_1_NAME
Subtitle track name. No spaces allowed. Idem for SUBTITLE_2_NAME.
.br
Examples: "English", "Français", "Commentary",...
.TP
.B SUBTITLE_1_SID
Subtitle track id: could be "0" to "31". Idem for SUBTITLE_2_SID.
.TP
.B SUBTITLE_1_FILE_FORCE
Previously extracted/written subtitle filename in SOURCE_DIRECTORY. Could be BD subtitle (PGS): .sup file; TS subtitle (CC): .srt file; text file subtitle: .srt . Idem for SUBTITLE_2_FILE_FORCE.
.br
.BR wazzuf-external-tools-install (1)
could be useful.
.TP
.B SUBTITLE_NODEFAULT_FORCE
Set to "yes" to force no default subtitle display.
.PP
.BR Codecs
.BR options
.TP
.B DEFAULT_CODEC_VIDEO
Default video codec: "H264", "XVID" or "DUMP." Taken in account only if no arguments to
.BR wazzuf-ripper (1)
.
.TP
.B DEFAULT_CODEC_AUDIO
Default audio codec: "AC3", "MP3", "VORBIS" or DUMP. Taken in account only if no arguments to
.BR wazzuf-ripper (1)
.
.TP
.B AUDIO_OGG_QUAL
Ogg vorbis encode quality.
.br
Examples: "4" ~128 kbit/s, "6" ~192 kbit/s, "9" ~320 kbit/s
.br
More informations at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vorbis#Technical_details .
.TP
.B AUDIO_MP3_MODE
MP3 lame encode mode: "CBR" (constant bitrate) or "VBR" (variable bitrate).
.TP
.B AUDIO_MP3_CBR
MP3 lame encode CBR bitrate: "128", "192", "320",...
.TP
.B AUDIO_MP3_VBR
MP3 lame encode VBR quality: from "0" (highest quality) to "9" (lowest quality).
.TP
.B AUDIO_MP3_VOL
MP3 volume change: > 1: increase volume / "1": no effect / < 1: reduce volume.
.TP
.B AUDIO_AC3_QUAL
AC3 encode bitrate.
.br
Examples: "192k", "448k", "640k", "1500k",...
.br
Note: Only DTS to AC3 encoding is possible.
.TP
.B DVDRIP_VIDEO_BITRATE
Video encode bitrate for DVD/ISO. Default value is "1500".
.br
Examples: "700", "8000"
.TP
.B BDRIP_VIDEO_BITRATE
Video encode bitrate for BD. Default value is "4000".
.br
Examples: "3000", "40000"
.TP
.B VIDEO_X264_SUBQ_PASS1
x264 first pass encoding subq. Change with care ! Default value is "1".
.br
More informations at http://www.mplayerhq.hu/DOCS/HTML/en/menc-feat-x264.html .
.TP
.B VIDEO_X264_FRAMEREF_PASS1
x264 first pass encoding frameref. Change with care ! Default value is "1".
.br
More informations at http://www.mplayerhq.hu/DOCS/HTML/en/menc-feat-x264.html .
.TP
.B VIDEO_X264_SUBQ_PASS2
x264 second pass encoding subq. Change with care ! Default value is "6".
.br
More informations at http://www.mplayerhq.hu/DOCS/HTML/en/menc-feat-x264.html .
.TP
.B VIDEO_X264_FRAMEREF_PASS2
x264 second pass encoding frameref. Change with care ! Default value is "2".
.br
More informations at http://www.mplayerhq.hu/DOCS/HTML/en/menc-feat-x264.html .
.PP
.BR System
.BR options
.TP
.B VIDEO_XVID_THREADS
Threads number used for xvid encoding: "1" for monocore CPU, "2" for dualcore,...
.br
Default value is "$PROC_CORE" (automatic detection).
.TP
.B VIDEO_X264_THREADS
Threads number used for x264 encoding: "1" for monocore CPU, "2" for dualcore,...
.br
Default value is "auto" (automatic detection only for x264).
.TP
.B AUDIO_AC3_THREADS
Threads number used for AC3 encoding: "1" for monocore CPU, "2" for dualcore,...
.br
Default value is "$PROC_CORE" (automatic detection).
.TP
.B IONICENESS
io scheduling class to avoid too much IO disk: "0" for none, "1" for real time, "2" for best-effort, "3" for idle.
.br
Default value is "3".
.TP
.B NICENESS
Scheduling priority to avoid too much CPU charge: "-20" (most favorable scheduling) to "19" (least favorable).
.br
Default value is "5".
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wazzuf-ripper (1)
,
.BR wazzuf-external-tools-install (1)
,
.BR wazzuf-pre-ripper (1)
.
.SH AUTHOR
wazzuf-ripper was written by Nicolas Perrin <booloki@lokizone.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Nicolas Perrin <booloki@lokizone.net>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
